New alien factions: the Builders and the Ka'het (#4716)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map.txt

	description `	The solar collectors are mounted on frames about ten meters above the shifting sand dunes. In addition to turning to face the sun, they can be turned upside-down as necessary to dump off any sand that accumulates on them.`
	"required reputation" 15

planet Celeatis
	attributes ka'het
	landscape land/canyon4

> 	description `Celeatis is a mountainous planet, once home to one of the largest research centers in the Graveyard that was focused on studying the anomaly in the system. If they found out how to stabilize and use it as a wormhole, perhaps their species would have survived, spreading in the rest of the galaxy; the ruined, lifeless and half-buried buildings here are an evidence of their failure.`

Author: Removed Graveyard

> 	description `Celeatis is a mountainous planet, once home to one of the largest research centers in the Graveyard that was focused on studying the anomaly in the system. If they found out how to stabilize and use it as a wormhole, perhaps their species would have survived, spreading in the rest of the galaxy; the ruined, lifeless and half-buried buildings here are an evidence of their failure.`

Reviewer: `They were focused..` -> `The research center was focused...`

		threshold 20000
		fleet "Large Republic" 50

planet Eavine
	attributes ka'het
	landscape land/snow8
	description `The moon of Eavine played a crucial role in the demise of the Builders: here, the second wave of Ka'het was built, making use of the large mineral resources in the planet. They soon found out that what was supposed to change the result of the invasion only accelerated it, overcoming the blockade imposed by the Quarg and allowing the Ka'het to reach their northern systems.`

> 	description `	As an example of their instability, the Ka'het themselves inflicted superficial damage to most of the facilities here while departing from the planet, shooting at the same buildings that created them. Due to the moon's orbit, a few millennia ago the climate started becoming colder and colder, slowly incapacitating and then completely stopping the Ka'het production.`

Author: changed

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Large Militia" 8

planet Osaeli
	attributes ka'het
	landscape land/forest4
	description `This is an Earth-like planet, a pristine and idyllic world with a large biodiversity. For millennia this has been the capital de facto of the Builders, having both the largest population and being the most developed planet in the Graveyard.`
	description `	When the invasion broke out, Osaeli kept being devastated by the largest part of the Ka'het fleet until there was no safe place anymore and almost every Builder had been killed. But, soon after the attacks stopped, vegetation started growing around the ruins and slowly replaced the buildings there.`

planet Palarei
	attributes ka'het
	landscape land/valley5

> 	description `Thanks to their earlier exploration vessels, here the Builders encountered the first lifeforms evolved outside of their own planet under the form of some kinds of plants. Due to its hot climate the planet was only barely capable of supporting life, but the fruits the local flora produced were popular enough that Palarei became a mayor farming planet for almost one millennia.`

Author: Increased the number years

> 	description `	Less than a houndred people were present here at the time of the invasion, quickly killed by the first Ka'het attack. The robots must have kept the farms working for a dozen years, but now there is almost no sign left of the Builders facilities.`

Author: Added a better explanation

> 	description `	The farms on Palarei were one of the few successful Builder attemps at creating fully automatic facilities. Due to that, less than a hundred people were present here at the time of the invasion, who were quickly killed by one of the initial Ka'het attacks. The robots could have kept the farms working for some years, but now there is almost no sign left of the Builders facilities.`

Author: Changed

	description `The most disturbing thing about the empty Korath cities on this planet is how pristine they are: no sign of bombing or of weapons fire. Either everyone who lived here chose to leave, or they were killed by a weapon that did no damage to the buildings they live in.`
	description `	Outside the cities, plant and animal life has begun to flourish, and some of the smaller villages have already been swallowed up by the growing forests. The climate is temperate, and rainfall is plentiful; aside from the reduction in biodiversity, it will not take this planet long to forget its former owners.`

planet Seli'het
	attributes ka'het
	landscape land/space7

> 	description `Seli'het was the only Het station the Builders ever completed, orbiting Giribea's star. When they are old enough, weird and tall machines start building the first parts of their exoskeletons around the young Ka'heta. As they grow stronger their hull is expanded and different outfits are added, transforming them into real living weapons.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `Seli'het was the only Het station the Builders ever completed, orbiting Giribea.  Ka'Heta are brought here once they reach the "Age of Assembly"; strange, lanky machines start molding an exoskeleton onto their bodies right away.  As the Ka'Het grow, their exoskeleton is expanded and various outfits are added, transforming them into living weapons.`
```

> 	description `Seli'het was the only Het station the Builders ever completed, orbiting Giribea. Ka'Heta are brought here once they reach the "Age of Assembly"; strange, lanky machines start molding an exoskeleton onto their bodies right away. As the Ka'Het grow, their exoskeleton is expanded and various outfits are added, transforming them into living weapons.`

Author: Eh, honestly I believe that would be more interesting if explained in a further mission, if/when the remnant story is expanded to include the Ka'het existance

		threshold 3000
		fleet "Small Militia" 28

planet Siteria
	attributes ka'het
	landscape land/water0
	description `Siteria is the Builders homeworld, both the place where their journey began and where it ended. After a dozen millennia of underpopulation due to its closeness to the Quarg ring, the Ka'het invasion forced them to retreat. As one of the few remaining planets capable of sustaining farming and by far the one with the best climate, for a few centuries it had again the highest number of inhabitants of all the Builders planets.`

> 	description `	When the second part of the invasion began, the many fields and farms around the planet allowed the Builders to survive for almost 200 years, until a lone Ka'het wrecked the last colony.`

Author: Expanded the description
